OK, OK.
Let's talk business.
This fat bastard is trying to move in
on Maurizio's business.
Now you know Maurizio
is a reasonable guy.
He just wants. . .a little conversation.
But this guy, he don't wanna hear
about it. Maybe he'll listen to you.
He comes to town every Tuesday.
Are you free Tuesday?
Yeah, I'm free Tuesday.
Nice to see you again, Mr Jones.
Remember, neatness counts.
You got one half hour.
One hour.
- Yeah, what?
- This is Tonto downstairs.
- There's a guy who wants to talk to you.
- What's he look like?
Serious.
- Tell him I'm coming up.
- He's coming up.
Somebody's coming up.
Somebody serious.
Mickey, open your eyes,
we got company.
We got company.
Come on.
Stop! Stop, men!
Tonto.
Tell the driver to wait for us
out back and hurry up!
Hey, sweetie, what's going on?
Don't worry, baby. It's cool. Take a nap.
Oh, my God!
Those fuckers blocked both the exits.
Check the terrace!
911 emergency.
I need help!
Somebody's trying to kill me!
All right, just stay on the line.
I'll just be off for a moment.
Sir, I'm gonna connect you
with an officer.
OK.
Detective Jefferson, may I help you?
I'll call you back.
Hey, relax, man. I got half of Bolivia
sitting in those suitcases over there.
Ain't even been cut yet.
Go ahead, take it, it's yours.
Dial this number.
I'll talk to you later, sweetie, OK?
Bye.
- Hello?
- It's Maurizio. Remember me?
- I see you're back in town.
- Yeah. . .
No. I mean, no! Just for today.
So it's safe to say
today's your last day in town
and we'll never see
your fat fucking face again?
Yeah. . .right.
Let me speak to our mutual friend.
He wants to talk to you.
- Yes.
- Make sure he understands.
Then let him go.
Do you understand?
- So say it.
- I understand.
Good.
Jesus.
Two milks as usual?
Hi.
Why did you hide the cigarette?
This building's full of rats.
I don't want my old man to find out.
Got enough problems.
What happened?
I fell off my bike.
Hey.
Don't tell my dad
about the cigarette, OK?
What's my job? I'm just a holder.
I hold the stuff just like you give it to me.
I don't look at it. I don't touch it.
- I don't even know how to cut it.
- Try and follow me, all right?
In June when we gave you the dope,
it tests 100%  pure.
Now it's July. We pick up the dope
and it tests 90%  pure.
Now somewhere between June
and July 10%  turned to cut.
That's none of my business,
I'm just a holder.
You give me the stuff,
I hold the stuff, that's all I know!
Hey look, you know,
I'm trying to help you out here.
But, you know, if you're gonna be
a hard ass about it, I gotta disturb him.
Now let me tell you, when he's into
his music, he hates being disturbed.
I'm telling you the truth!
I hope so. Because he's got a talent
for sniffing out a lie.
It's scary,
it's almost like a sixth sense.
Now, are you gonna change your tune
or do I gotta bust into his?
I'm telling you the truth.
All right.
Stan. Stan.
I'm sorry, you see,
he said he didn't cut the dope.
Oh.
Of course, he didn't.
Just do me a favor.
Find out who did. For tomorrow.
Noon.
Malky, hey, wait!
Hey, I didn't cut your shit!
Find out yourself!
What the hell are you doing out here?
Get inside and do your homework.
- I did it already.
- Oh, yeah?
Get inside and help your sister
clean up the goddamn house!
And stop smoking cigarettes!
Time's up, my turn now.
Change the channel
and I'll smash your face!
Sorry, sweetheart.
Good morning, sleepy.
Hi, honey. Hey, you two.
Sweetheart, turn that down,
mum has got a headache.
She took my turn!
She just wants to watch
goddamn cartoons!
- It wouldn't hurt to move her ass.
- I'm not the one with the fat ass!
Can someone who's doing nothing
all day but watching cartoons
move her little ass
and go get some food?
I dare you to say that again.
- Margie, I think I screwed up.
- It wouldn't be the first time.
You always come up
with something, right?
Yeah, but I think I went
a little too far this time.
You're going a little too far right now.
I'm gonna be late for work.
How about working at home today?
She's gonna hit me! Daddy. . .
Shit, shut the goddamn door!
Fucking bitch!
- Can somebody answer the phone?
- I'm busy!
- Hello?
- This is Margaret McAllister.
Headmistress at the Spencer School
in Wildwood, New Jersey.
Is Mr or Mrs Lando home?
Yes, this is she.
Mrs Lando, when your husband
enrolled Mathilda at Spencer,
he told us she had problems.
As you know, we pride ourselves
in turning troubled girls
into healthy, productive young women.
But if they are not here,
there is very little we can do.
Now, Mathilda left school without
permission nearly two weeks ago.
I know your husband paid tuition
in advance for a year.
But if you refer to page 20 in the rules
and regulations manual we sent you,
you will see that unless there is
a valid excuse for prolonged absence,
your tuition will be forfeit.
She's dead.
Is life always this hard,
or is it just when you're a kid?
Always like this.
Keep it.
Hey, I'm going grocery shopping.
You want some milk?
One quart or two? It's two, right?
I like these calm little moments
before the storm.
It reminds me of Beethoven.
Can you hear it?
It's like, when you put
your head to the grass.
You can hear it growing.
You can hear the insects. . .
- Do you like Beethoven?
- Couldn't really say.
I'm gonna play you some.
Daddy!
Benny, stay here!
Daddy! Daddy!
Jesus! Fuck!
We said noon!
I've got one minute past.
You don't like Beethoven.
You don't know what you're missing.
Overtures like that
get my juices flowing.
So powerful!
But after his openings,
to be honest,
he does tend to get
a little fucking boring.
That's why I stopped!
Toss the apartment.
You're a Mozart fan. I love him, too.
I love Mozart!
He was Austrian, you know.
But for this kind of work. . .
he's a little bit light.
So I tend to go for the heavier guys.
- Cool.
- What the fuck are you doing?
Man, keep your bombaclot mouth shut.
Check out Brahms, he's good, too.
What the fuck do you know
about music?
Knock it off!
- Checked the mattress?
- Nope.
- Fuck!
- Stan!
- Look what you did.
- Stan, you all right?
Look what you did!
Hey, Stan. Stan! What are you doing?
What are you doing? He's dead!
But he ruined my suit.
I know. I know, but he's dead.
He's a piece of meat, forget about it.
Calm down.
I'm calm.
Stay there, OK?
Benny!
Jesus fucking Christ, Benny!
It's Malky and Stan!
Take it easy, all right?
Come on, come on.
Benny!
Come on.
Let's get a cigarette, all right?
Benny, we're coming out!
Benny, don't fire!
Get in!
Jesus fucking Christ, Benny!
You wear something new. . .
Take it easy!
What's happening out there?
It's all right, ma'am, go in.
DEA. Police.
Why don't you leave
that poor family alone?
Everything's all right.
Just calm down.
I am calm. I'm calm.
Why don't you leave them alone?
He said go back inside!
Stan, I think it's better
if we go inside, all right?
Benny, turn that kitchen
upside down, find that shit!
Willy Blood, look what you did!
You killed a four-year-old kid!
Did you really have to do that?
Please, open the door.
Please.
Benny, there's three kids here.
I think Stan killed this girl.
And Willy, that asshole,
shot the little boy.
The third one's missing. Find her.
Oh, shit.
Hey, we missed the little girl, man.
I'm gonna try and find the fucking
super of this goddamn building.
Yo, I found it!
Bingo!
Stan, we found it.
I know.
Here it is.
There's cops outside, we better go.
It's the cops outside.
We better go. You stay here.
What do you want me to tell them?
Tell them. . .
we were doing. . .our job.
What's your name?
Mathilda.
Sorry about your father.
If somebody didn't do it,
I would've probably done it myself.
- Your mother, she. . .
- She's not my mother.
And my sister, she wanted
to lose some weight anyway.
But she never looked better.
Not even my real sister.
Just a half-sister,
and not a good half at that.
If you couldn't stand them,
why are you crying?
Because they killed my brother.
What the hell did he do?
He was four years old.
He never used to cry.
Just used to sit next to me and cuddle.
I was more of a mother to him
than that goddamn pig ever was!
Hey, don't talk like that about pigs.
They're usually much nicer than people.
But they smell like shit.
Not true!
As a matter of fact,
right now I have one in my kitchen
that's very clean and smells very nice.
You don't have a pig in your kitchen.
Yes, I do.
I was just in there
and I didn't see any goddamn pig.
Don't move, I'll get him.
Piggy? Piggy? Where are you?
Ah, there you are!
Hi, Mathilda.
Hi, Piggy.
How are you today?
I've seen better days.
What's your name?
Leon.
Cute name.
You have anyone to go to?
Any family, any place else?
I'm gonna get some more milk.
Holy shit!
Don't touch that, please.
Leon, what exactly
do you do for a living?
Cleaner.
You mean you're a hitman?
Yeah.
Cool.
Do you clean anyone?
No women, no kids, that's the rules.
How much would it cost to hire
someone to get those dirtbags
who killed my brother?
- Five grand a head.
- Wow. . .
How about this?
I work for you, and in exchange
you teach me how to clean.
What do you think? I'll clean
your place, I'll do the shopping.
I'll even wash your clothes.
Is it a deal?
No. It's not a deal.
What do you want me to do?
I've got no place to go.
You've had a rough day today.
Go to sleep
and we'll see tomorrow, OK?
You've been really great with me,
Leon.
And it's not always like that,
you know?
Good night.
Sleep well?
Good, because after breakfast
you gotta take off.
- Where to?
- Not my problem.
Read it.
You don't know how to read.
I'm learning,
but I had a lot of work lately, so. . .
I'm a little behind.
What's it say?
"I've decided what to do with my life.
I wanna be a cleaner."
You wanna be a cleaner?
Here. Take it.
It's a goodbye gift. Go clean.
But not with me.
I work alone. Understand. Alone?
Bonnie and Clyde didn't work alone.
Thelma and Louise didn't work alone.
And they were the best.
Mathilda,
why are you doing this to me?
I've been nothing but nice to you.
I even saved your life yesterday,
right outside the door.
Right, so now you're responsible for it.
If you saved my life, you must have
saved it for a good reason.
If you throw me out now,
it's like you never opened your door.
Like you let me die right there
in front of it.
But you did open it, so. . .
Mathilda. . .
If you don't help me,
I'll die tonight. I can feel it.
But I don't want to die tonight.
Mathilda, you're just a little girl,
so don't take it badly,
but I don't think you could do it.
I'm sorry.
How's that?
Mathilda,
don't you ever do that again
or I'll break your head.
- You got that?
- OK.
I don't work like that.
It's not professional. There is rules.
- OK.
- And stop saying "OK" all the time! OK?
OK.
Good.
Hi!
You expect to use that
in this hotel?
Mister, I have to use it,
because I have an audition at Juilliard
next month and I have to practice.
OK, but not after 10:00.
OK, I promise.
I'll put you at the end of the hall
so that you don't disturb anyone.
Could you fill those out please?
Daddy, can I please fill them out?
You know how I like
to check in to hotels.
Thanks, pop.
I'll bring these back in a minute.
Fourth floor.
Thanks, mister!
You're lucky to have a little girl
that's interested in things.
I have a kid, seventeen,
does nothing all day long.
Can I leave my plant here
while I take my stuff upstairs?
Of course.
I'm putting the name of a girl
in my class who makes me sick.
When things get hot,
she'll take the heat.
There, finished.
- How old are you?
- Eighteen.
Eighteen?
Wanna see my license?
No. You just look a little. . .younger.
Thanks.
Leon, I want you to teach me
how to be like you.
I wanna be strong like you,
smart like you.
- Mathilda. . .
- I know I'm not strong enough yet.
But I could learn the basics, the theory.
What do you think?
Just the theory.
I need this, Leon. I need time
to get my head together.
Yeah. And I need. . .
. . .a drink.
Don't move. I'll go get one.
Salute.
You know, when you told me
to get this baby out for you,
I thought my hearing's going.
I says to myself, "Leon's a pro.
Nobody uses that, except beginners."
I like to stay in shape.
Sure.
Always stay on top.
It's like me. I gotta know
where everything is all the time.
That's why I never leave this place
except to go from here to there.
Change ain't good, Leon. You know?
Yeah.
Check it.
- Make sure it's the right thing.
- I trust you.
One thing's got nothing
to do with the other.
Remember that, Leon.
I will.
The rifle is the first weapon
you learn how to use,
because it lets you keep
your distance from the client.
The closer you get to being a pro,
the closer you can get to the client.
The knife, for example,
is the last thing you learn.
- OK?
- OK.
Position.
No.
Never take it off until the last minute,
it reflects light.
They can see you coming
from a mile away.
And always dress down,
never brighter than the floor. OK?
OK.
Let's practice now.
It's the best way to learn.
Who should I hit?
Whoever.
I'll be with you in a second,
give me a few minutes.
You guys in the suits get lost.
I don't want to see you, all right?
It has to look natural.
No women, no kids, right?
Right.
The jogger in the yellow and orange?
OK.
Keep calm.
Don't take your eyes off him.
Breathe easy.
Watch his movement.
Pretend you're running with him.
Try to feel his next movement.
Take a deep breath, hold it.
Now.
- I'm all right. I'm fine. I'm fine.
- Get down!
One shot. Not bad, huh?
Can we try with real bullets now?
Not today. Let's pack up.
Continue like that.
Here, after. . .
No thanks.
No discussion.
"It seemed. . .
". . .to Socrates. . ."
To So-cra-tes. . .
I'll do it.
Leon, all we do is work.
We need a break. Let's play a game.
What kind of game?
I have this great game.
It makes you think
and it helps your memory.
It's exactly what you need.
OK.
- OK. Who is it?
- I don't know.
I don't know.
Moustache. . .
No.
Gene Kelly?
Good.
Your turn now.
OK, pilgrim.
Clint Eastwood?
I don't know, I give up.
John Wayne.
I was just about to say that, I swear.
It's amazing, Leon, really, brilliant.
Amazing.
- You love your plant, don't you?
- It's my best friend.
Always happy. No questions.
And it's like me, you see?
No roots.
If you really love it, you should plant it
in the park so it can have roots.
I'm the one you should be watering
if you want me to grow.
You're right.
- No.
- Yes, yes, yes!
They gotta be jumping out of the plate,
they gotta be alive.
It's been a long time, Leon.
I missed you.
And you missed some nice jobs, too.
- Been training.
- Training's good.
But don't overdo it. You know training
don't pay as good as working, Leon.
Tony. . .
All the money I make. . .
that you keep for me.
You need some money?
No. Just curious.
Because I've been working a long time
and I haven't done anything
with my money. . .
I thought maybe some day I could. . .
. . .use it.
You met a woman?
Leon, you gotta be careful
with women.
Remember when you arrived in
this country, Leon, when I took you in?
You were still wet
behind the fucking ears,
and already you were in deep shit
because of a woman.
Don't forget that, Leon.
Wish I could, sometimes.
You know, about my money.
Maybe I. . .
Maybe I could give. . .a little. . .
. . .to someone.
You know, to help out.
Hey, it's your money, I mean,
I'm just holding it for you, like a bank.
Except, you know, better than a bank,
because banks are always
getting knocked off.
And no one knocks off old Tony.
And besides, with a bank,
there's always tons of forms
to be filled and all that shit.
But old Tony, nothing to read,
nothing to write.
It's all in his head.
I know how to read now.
That's good, Leon.
Good.
Your money's here.
Whenever you want it,
you just ask me, OK?
- Here's a grand.
- It's OK. I don't need it.
Come on, come on, take it.
Have some fun. Go ahead. Take it.
Thank you.
All right.
Now let's talk business.
Don't move, I'll go get the file.
Manolo, a glass of milk
for my friend Leon here!
Listen, Mathilda, you gotta be careful.
You can't just speak
to any guy off the street.
Leon, get a grip.
What's the big fucking deal?
I was just smoking a butt
while I was waiting.
I want you to stop cursing.
You can't talk to people
like that all the time.
I want you to make
an effort to talk nice.
OK.
And I want you to stop smoking.
It will kill you.
OK.
Stay away from him,
he looks like a weirdo.
OK.
I'll be out in five minutes,
stand where I can see you.
OK.
Leon, I think I'm kind of falling
in love with you.
It's the first time for me, you know?
How do you know it's love
if you've never been in love before?
Cos I feel it.
Where?
In my stomach.
It's all warm.
I always had a knot there,
and now. . .it's gone.
Mathilda, I'm glad you don't have
a stomach ache anymore.
I don't think that means anything.
I'm late for work.
I hate being late for work.
Hey, how's the practicing going?
- How are we today, Miss?
- A little sick of practicing.
I understand.
But you're doing all right.
I haven't received any complaints at all.
Well, I put a cloth over
the strings to lessen the noise.
Oh? Oh, that's very smart!
- Not everyone loves music.
- I know.
What exactly does your father do?
- Well, he's a composer.
- Ah, that's wonderful.
Except he's not really my father.
He's my lover.
I think I'll go for a walk.
- What are you doing Saturday night?
- What about dinner?
- Hey, where you going?
- Visiting friends at 6J.
OK, right. . .
We know you're a busy man and we'll
try to make this as short as possible.
Now if you just take us step by step
through exactly what happened.
The guy was here, he went for his gun.
Bang! We shot him.
- Where exactly were the kids?
- I don't know.
They should've been at school,
don't you think?
In your statement you said you were
the first man in, didn't you see any kids?
The door was broken, what happened?
Did you follow the procedure?
I lost a good man here.
What the fuck do you want with me?
Cooperation.
I haven't got time
for this Mickey Mouse bullshit.
You want cooperation?
Come up my office. Room 4602.
- Kids should be at school.
- Hey!
Hey, come on, that's my ball!
Hey, give that back!
Come on, where you going?
Damn, where are you going, man?
That's my ball!
Follow the blue car!
I suppose you want me to blast
the music and go through lights.
No. Drive slowly.
Take the hundred bucks,
and shut the fuck up, OK?
It's for you, a present.
Do you want me to open it?
I'll open it.
How do you like it? Nice, eh?
Mr McGuffin?
Can I have a word with you?
Here. It's for a contract.
Twenty grand, right?
His name is Norman Stansfield
and he's in room 4602
in the DEA building, 26 Federal Plaza.
- I'm not taking it.
- Why not?
Too heavy.
Would you rent me your gear
for the day?
I never lend out my gear.
But you still have your gun.
Use it.
Just do me a favor,
don't shoot out the window, OK?
Why are you so mean to me?
You're out there killing people
you don't give a shit about,
but you won't get the bastards
who killed my whole family.
Revenge is not good, Mathilda.
Believe, it's better to forget.
To forget?
After I've seen the outline
of my brother's body on the floor,
you expect me to forget?
I want to kill those sons of bitches.
I'm gonna blow their fucking heads off!
Nothing's the same
after you've killed someone.
Your life is changed forever.
You'll have to sleep with one eye open
for the rest of your life.
I don't give a shit about sleeping, Leon.
I want love. . .or death.
That's it.
Love or death.
Get off my case, Mathilda.
I'm tired of your games.
It's a really great game, Leon.
It makes people nicer
and starts them thinking.
The kind of game you love.
If I win, you keep me with you.
For life.
- And if you lose?
- You'll go shopping alone. Like before.
You're gonna lose, Mathilda.
There's a round in the chamber,
I heard it.
So what?
What's it to you if I end up
with a bullet in the head, huh?
Nothing.
I hope you're not lying, Leon.
I really hope that down deep inside
there's no love in you.
Cos if there is just a little bit
of love in you for me,
I think that in a few minutes you're
gonna regret you never said anything.
I love you, Leon.
I win.
I took a hit, I need a hand now.
I know she's young,
but she learns fast.
- Kids need to be shaped into something.
- Yeah, I know. I taught you that.
- But ain't there an age limit?
- She's eighteen.
Oh, really?
How about something to drink, Tony?
Yeah, sure.
Manolo, a glass of milk for Leon.
Nice tattoo.
Manolo! Make that two!
- What's that for?
- Can't afford to catch cold.
First you find out where the chain is.
You can't see it, but you can feel it.
Here. I ring and you start talking.
What do I say?
Whatever you want.
- Yes?
- Hi. It's Susan.
Sorry, you must have the wrong door,
little girl. I don't know any Susan.
Move back a little, I can't see anything.
The light's out. It's all dark out here.
Mister, I'm scared.
OK, OK.
What are you doing?
Open up.
If it leaves your mouth,
I pull the trigger, capiche?
Here is OK. Let it go.
I said let it go.
Move, move over.
Easy, easy.
Go ahead, your turn.
Help me, please help me.
Hello, sir. Sir. . .?
Sir, sir, it's not my dope.
A little left, please.
Now the security shot.
Oh, the second goes higher
on the chest.
Aim for the heart and lungs.
There, right there, you see?
The first shot takes him out of order,
and the second finishes him off.
Never in the face.
If they can't recognize the client,
you don't get paid,
cause you could take out anybody
and say you did the job.
- Got it?
- Got it. Never in the face.
- OK. Now you can put the tools away.
- What the fuck is going on?
Hey, mister!
You see,
when you use the silencer a lot,
you have to put
a piece of cloth here,
because it gets very hot
and could burn it inside.
A damp, black cloth is the best.
What are you doing?
We said no women, no kids.
Who do you think this is gonna kill?
Donkeys and monkeys?
Now it's clean.
Let's get out of here.
I thought we don't have
the right to drink.
I know, but we're making
an exception for your first client.
Well, if we're making exceptions
for a job well done,
how about a kiss, like in the movies?
No.
Yes.
- What are you doing?
- I'm gonna kiss you.
- Mathilda, stop please.
- Come on, just a kiss.
Stop, everyone is watching us.
Basta, go sit down.
Enjoy.
- You don't believe me, do you?
- How's that?
When I say I'm in love with you.
Mathilda, please, drop it.
Just change the subject, OK?
OK, OK, sorry.
So how old were you
when you made your first hit?
Nineteen.
Beat ya!
What are you doing?
Can't afford to catch cold.
- There's no doorbell?
- So knock on the door.
Yes?
Hi, I'm looking for
Mr Rubens' apartment,
but it's all dark out here
in the hall and I'm lost.
Just a second.
You want more?
Come on, show your fucking face!
Think you're gonna get me that easily?
When it tough like this,
you know it's gonna be ugly.
Better make it quick, or else we'll be
here all day listening to his crap.
Asshole!
Show me your fucking face, faggot!
Come on, "gum trick"!
Hey. What about the "ring trick"?
- You know that one?
- "Ring trick"? Come on, asshole.
I'm waiting.
Show it to me, motherfucker.
That's the "ring trick".
Mario, go back to the barber shop,
we'll finish later.
Hey, Leon, what's up?
All done already?
No, no.
Nicer than people, eh?
I told you that.
- You got a problem?
- No.
Get the chair, sit down. Sit.
I was thinking. . .
If something happens to me
some day. . .
Hey, Leon,
nothing's gonna happen to you.
You're indestructible,
bullets slide off you, you play with them.
Tony, I thought about my money.
You remember the girl
who came here the other day?
Yeah.
Her name is. . .Mathilda.
If anything happens to me, I. . .
I'd like you to give her. . .
. . .my money.
You can count on me, Leon.
- Thank you, Tony.
- Yeah.
I won't be long.
- Did I do something wrong?
- No.
This one is too big.
Yeah, and I only get the leftovers,
is that it?
Mathilda, since I met you,
everything's been different.
So I just need some time alone.
And you need some time
to grow up a little.
I've finished growing up, Leon.
I just get older.
And for me, it's the opposite.
I'm old enough. . .
. . . I need time to grow up.
Shit.
You're new, aren't you? Fifth floor, right?
Well, you can't sit here like that.
- Really? Why not?
- Nothing's free.
Like a parking meter.
When you stop, you pay. It's the law.
- Only on TV.
- What did you say?
- Forget it. How much is your meter?
- Ten dollars. . .a month.
Got change?
Don't worry about it,
we'll do ten for twelve.
I'll pay now
for the rest of the year, OK?
OK, a year.
Does paying rent here mean
I have to put up with you guys?
No.
So go play somewhere else.
I need to think.
Stand up. Don't you like your job?
Food.
Where are you going?
Special delivery. Room 4602.
Sign in.
Have a nice weekend, girls.
Special delivery, huh? Let me guess. . .
Chinese?
Thai, maybe?
I've got it.
Italian food.
What's your name, angel?
Mathilda.
Mathilda. . .
I want you to put the sack on the floor.
Good.
Now I want you to tell me everything
you know about Italian food.
And don't forget the name
of the chef who fixed for me.
Nobody sent me.
I do business for myself.
So this is something. . .
. . .personal, is it?
What filthy piece of shit
did I do now?
You killed my brother.
I'm sorry.
And you wanna join him?
No.
It's always the same thing.
It's when you start to become
really afraid of death,
that you learn to appreciate life.
Do you like life, sweetheart?
Yes.
That's good.
Because I take no pleasure. . .
. . .in taking life. . .
. . .if it's from a person
who doesn't care about it.
Stan!
Shit, Stan. I've been looking
all over for you, man.
What? I'm busy.
It's Malky, man. He's dead.
Malky was making a buy for us
from the Chinamen.
But they got nothing to do with it, man.
They told me,
this guy came from the outside.
He was a pro. He was fast.
He fucking came outta nowhere.
Boom. Shoots the Chinamen
dead in two seconds.
Easy, man. I'm a cop.
Then turns around,
says something to Malky like. . .
No women, no kids.
I think it was something personal.
Death is. . .whimsical today.
Blood, you hear me?
Yeah, man, I hear you, Stan.
Just chill out, man.
Would you take her up
to my office?
All right, yeah.
Jesus fucking Christ!
"Leon, my love. I know where to find
the guys who killed my brother.
"Their boss is Norman Stansfield and
he's in the DEA building, room 4602.
"I'm gonna do them myself.
"If something goes wrong,
I left you twenty grand on the table.
"It's for a contract.
Five grand a head, right?
"I know I'll feel better after I do this.
"I love you - Mathilda."
Wait for me. I won't be long.
I can't park in front like this,
it's a federal building!
She's gonna do the same exact thing
like I said. . .
Nine-milli,
bullets and another nine-milli.
What did you plan to do
with all these guns?
Maybe she was planning
on taking out the whole building.
Holy shit! What've we got here? Lunch.
Careful, Blood. Might be poisoned.
No, man, there's no anchovies on this.
Is that what you call "I won't be long"?
I've been hangin' around for 10 minutes!
I did my best. Avanti.
Do you like it?
Yes.
So say it.
I like it.
Not thirsty?
You know, a girl's first time
is very important.
It determines
the rest of her life sexually.
I read that once
in one of my sister's magazines.
My girlfriends told me that
they hated their first experience.
That's because
they don't love their guys.
They just did it to show off.
Afterwards, they started liking it,
like cigarettes.
I wanna like it the first time.
Mathilda, no.
Why not?
I just can't.
- You love someone else?
- No. I mean. . .
There was someone a long time ago.
Before I came to the States.
Her father didn't want her
to see me.
She was from a very respectable family.
Mine was, you know. . .
. . .not so respectable.
Her dad went nuts
every time she'd take off to see me.
But she still snuck off
to see you, right?
Right.
You see, nothing can stop love, Leon.
He killed her.
One shot to the head.
They kept him in jail for two days,
then they let him go free.
They said it was an accident.
So. . .
. . .one night I waited for him.
500 feet with a lens.
He also had an accident.
The same night I took a boat
and came here to meet up with
my father who was working for Tony.
I was nineteen.
Since then,
I've never left the city and. . .
. . . I've never had another girlfriend.
You see, Mathilda,
I won't be a good lover.
OK.
Just do me one favor.
What?
I'm sick of watching you
sleeping on your chair.
We're gonna share the bed.
I don't think it's a good idea.
It's OK, put your legs up on the bed.
Yeah, it's nice.
Put your head down. It's OK. Relax.
Goodnight, Leon.
Goodnight.
Manolo, take the kids in the kitchen.
I have a lot of respect
for your business, Tony.
When you've killed for us
in the past,
we've always been satisfied.
And that's exactly why today
is going to be very, very hard for me.
I hope you'll excuse my mood.
My man was killed
right here on your turf,
and the Chinks tell me
that the hitman was kind of the. . .
. . . Italian type.
So we figured that
Tony might know something.
Wait, there's more.
You're gonna love this.
A few hours later,
a little twelve-year-old girl comes
into my office, armed to the teeth,
with the firm intention of sending me
straight to the morgue.
And you know who came and got her
in the middle of the afternoon,
right there in my building?
The very same Italian hitman.
I'm dying to meet him.
Relax, everything's fine.
- Sleep well?
- I never really sleep.
- Got one eye open always.
- Oh, I forgot.
You know, I never saw someone
with one eye open snore so much.
- I snore?
- Like a baby.
I'm gonna go get some milk
for breakfast. I won't be long.
Don't forget the code
when you come back.
Two knocks, then one,
and two knocks again, right?
Right.
Hola, seor. Ring these up
and I'll go get some milk.
From here on out,
you don't make a sound.
Answer my questions by nodding "yes"
or shaking your head "no", you got it?
Is he alone?
Does he expect you?
Do you have keys to the apartment?
Is there a code, a way of knocking
so he knows it's you?
Alpha team.
Final position, we're ready to go.
Be careful.
Move, move!
Shit.
Alpha team. Men down, men down.
I told you.
Benny. . .
- Bring me everyone.
- What do you mean, "everyone"?
Everyone!
Take this.
Go take a look.
Don't move.
You see anything?
It's the guy. He's here.
He's got a gun at my head.
OK, nobody moves.
Let the girl go.
- Take it easy, man!
- Let the girl go!
OK. The girl's coming out.
Let the girl go.
Grab the ax off the wall.
Over there, go.
You're coming with us.
Christ, he shot him!
Bastard!
Move! Move! Move! Move!
- Shut the fucking water off!
- Got it.
We're in a bad way here.
Send the Cats, I repeat, send the Cats.
I don't know what happened,
I didn't see them coming, I swear.
I just went shopping and I came back
and they were everywhere.
Stay away from the window.
Leon?
Come here.
Snipers.
OK, now get this fucking asshole
outta there.
- How we gonna get outta here now?
- Leave it to me. We're checking out.
But Leon, it's not big enough for you.
It's barely big enough for me.
- We said no discussion.
- No! I'm not letting. . . I'm not going!
- I won't go! I won't go!
- Listen to me. . . Listen to me.
We have no chance together,
but if I'm alone I can do it. Trust me.
I'm in good shape, Mathilda. And I know
I've got a lot of money with Tony, a lot.
We'll take it and leave together,
just the two of us, OK? Go.
No! You're just saying that
so I won't worry.
- I don't wanna lose you, Leon.
- You're not going to lose me.
You've given me a taste for life.
I want to be happy,
sleep in a bed, have roots.
You'll never be alone again, Mathilda.
Please, go now, baby, go!
Calm down, go now. Go, go.
See you at Tony's. I'm gonna
clean them all. Tony's in an hour.
I love you, Mathilda.
I love you too, Leon.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
what the fuck is going on up there?
I just said take the guy out,
not the whole fucking building.
Hey, we got one breathing here.
Get the medic on the horn.
We got a wounded man here.
Make way!
Send him down by the stairs!
Let's go! Move!
Get that guy up the stairs. Leave him
on the landing. Get your team back here.
We got two men
coming down the stairs.
You OK?
Hey, I need a medic over here!
Move your fucking asses.
Squad number one,
what's the status on the apartment?
Can't see shit, too much smoke.
Give us five minutes to clear it out.
OK, you got it.
What? You're 200 men and
you can't find one man and a girl?
Did you find the girl?
Hi, how're you doing?
Take your mask off, quick.
Let me see you.
That's deep. Right, this one here.
- You from the third precinct?
- Yeah.
All right, fine. Put it down. This one.
You stay there for two minutes,
I'll be right back.
Let me put the mask back on.
I breathe better with it.
OK, you're right. Sit tight.
OK, come on, everybody out.
Come on, let's go, let's go!
Come on, out!
Clear the way. Clear the way, men.
Come on, what are you doing here?
Get out. Come on.
Stansfield?
At your service.
This is. . .from. . .
. . .Mathilda.
Shit.
Leon asked me to help you out if. . .
if something happened.
And I think something happened, right?
He put aside a little cash for you.
So, what I'm suggesting is that
seeing as how you're still so young,
I should hold the money for you,
you know, till you're older.
Like a bank, you know,
except better than a bank,
cos, you know,
banks always get knocked off.
No one knocks off old Tony.
But it's your money
and, in the meantime,
all you gotta do is come here
every once in a while
and I'll dish it out
so that you can have a little fun, OK?
Here. . .here's a hundred bucks
to start with.
Can't I get a job instead?
A job?
- What the hell can you do?
- I can clean.
I ain't got no work for a 12-year-old kid.
So get it outta your goddamn head!
It's over, the game's over!
Leon's dead! You hear me?
Come on. Come on,
you think I ain't hurting, too?
But he's dead.
And you're gonna forget
all this craziness
and get your little ass
back to school, capiche?
Now take this money
and get the hell outta here,
and don't let me see your face
till next month.
Cos something tells me I'm about
to lose my famous kind streak.
My parents. . .
. . .died in a car accident
four weeks ago.
It was terrible.
We didn't have the time to get to know
one another when you first came here,
but I'm not the kind of woman
who'd let down a child,
whatever her situation,
whatever her mistake.
So I'm going to help you and
do my best to welcome you here again.
But on one condition.
You have to stop lying to me, Mathilda.
I want you to take a chance
and trust me.
Now tell me what happened to you.
OK.
My family got shot down by DEA officers
because of a drug problem.
I lived with the greatest guy on earth.
He was a hitman, the best in town.
But he died this morning, and if you
don't help me, I'll be dead by tonight.
You know her?
- No.
- I've never seen her.
I think we'll be OK here, Leon.